---
title: 'The Board'
url: '/the-board.html'
---

The board of directors is the decision making body of the Foundation. It meets
once per month and convenes for additional meetings when required. The board
also engages with the committees and communities every month to encourage peer
support and offer assistance and guidance.

The board is self-electing, and usually draws its candidates from active
volunteers. It is led by the President who is appointed by the board and is
typically an existing board member. The Treasurer manages financial operations.

Board members are asked to serve a two-year term which is renewed if required.
They are expected to attend the monthly board meeting usually held on the third
Friday of the month, be available for general communications by email and
messages as well as attend the monthly community representatives meeting.

If you want to know more about how to nominate or join the board, [read how to
get involved](get-involved.html).

## Board members

### Stuart Mackintosh, President

![Picture](images/uploads/1/0/6/6/106663517/published/stuart.png%3F1680035988)

Based in Europe, Stuart has been working with free and open source software
since the mid-1990s. Many of his early projects were based on Perl and
delivering e-commerce, ISP and communications services.

He founded various organisations such as Open Source business integrator OpusVL
and industry association OpenUK.

When Stuart began using Perl at the start of his on-line career in the mid 90’s
he found he could pick it up and use with less overhead than the
alternatives.

Stuart joined the Foundation because he is grateful that Perl enabled him to
solve many business data challenges. “I think it is important for anyone who
has built a career in digital technology to find ways to give back to the
communities that enabled them, either financially, or by sharing experience and
time.”

He believes non-technical roles, such as legal, marketing and community
support, are important to help the Perl and Raku communities.

The President of the Foundation is free to choose their focus for activity in
their role: the first President concentrated on conferences and on
incorporating TPRF as a non-profit foundation; the previous President focused on
stability. In his role as President, Stuart is keen to develop committees and
engagement with the Perl and Raku communities, as well as sponsors and other
foundations.

Held role since: 2019

[president@perlfoundation.org](mailto:president@perlfoundation.org)

### Peter Krawczyk, Treasurer

![Picture](images/uploads/1/0/6/6/106663517/krawczyk23bw_orig.jpg)

Peter Krawczyk is a Senior Software Engineer with ZipRecruiter. He has been
active in the Perl community since the late 1990s, including co-organizing
YAPCs in 2006 and 2008, hackathons and Chicago.pm. In his spare time, he loves
to play golf and go on road trips.

Held role since: 2020

[treasurer@perlfoundation.org](mailto:treasurer@perlfoundation.org)

### Todd Rinaldo

![Picture](images/uploads/1/0/6/6/106663517/todd_orig.png)

Todd has been programming for 40 years and coding Perl since his first Perl
programming class in 1995. He's been a resident of Houston, TX most of his
life, and has been active in the Houston Perl Mongerers since 2006. Todd is
married and has one son. In addition to his volunteer work at TPRF, Todd also
donates significant time to The Boy Scouts of America.

Held role since: 2022

[todd@perlfoundation.org](mailto:todd@perlfoundation.org)

### Daniel Sockwell

![Picture](images/uploads/1/0/6/6/106663517/daniel-sockwell-yas-board_orig.jpg)

Daniel originally planned a career in law before he realised how much he enjoys
programming.

Dan earned a J.D. from Columbia Law School and was a practicing attorney with a
large law firm in New York City. While there, he unexpectedly ended up writing
code for a JavaScript web app that the firm was building for its large banking
clients.

After discovering how much he enjoys writing code, Dan made a career change and
became a programmer. He has written JavaScript, Rust, and Raku professionally
and enjoys exploring many other languages.

As well as being a Board member, Dan serves on the Raku Steering Council and
the TPRF Legal Committee. He was also a moderator for the 2021 Perl and Raku
Conference.

Held role since: 2021

### Ruth Holloway

![Picture](images/headshots/ruth.png)

Over the course of her 40-plus year career, Ruth has worked in six different
programming languages on nearly a dozen different operating systems; for the
last 20 of those, she's been doing most of her coding in Perl. She is a Texan,
transplanted to the tranquil woods of northeast Georgia with her husband and
the cutest dog around.

"Former Auror, Ministry malcontent, and your new Defense Against The Dark Arts
teacher."

Ruth joined the board in June of 2024.

### Bruce Gray

![Picture](images/headshots/bruce.png)

Bruce joined the board in June of 2024.
